# Software_Design_Examples

In this project for my CS 230 Operating Platforms class at SNHU, I was tasked with taking on the role of a developer for a software company, whose client "The Gaming Room" has asked to help develop an exisiting application into a cloud-based gaming service. The included documentation is an example of the design and devlopment documentation that I was to submit to The Gaming Room to help their team decide on the best option for moving forward with their game.

In this project, I feel some of my best skills were put front and center. I am very good at explaining complex and difficult concepts in a way that just about anyone can understand. I can make a well-informed decision when necessary, allowing managers and others above me to focus on bigger picture items. However, I can also focus on the big picture, and each of my decisions are scoped around it. Using this model for the project, I found that keeping the focus during the application development was much easier, and development of the code was more streamlined. I had an ultimate goal in mind, and knew that I needed to work towards that goal. All details were laid out beforehand, meaning a roadmap could be developed and followed. This process would also be useful when working with a large team of developers, since they will all have the same end goal in mind, and work towards that as a team.

This project allowed me to work through many tasks that a typical developer has to complete when assigned to a project, including planning, researching, and deciding. The client's and user's needs were key items that I had to consider, and finding a balance between the two is an important first step in creating well-built applications that are also reliable. 
